feat(fonts)!: upgrade unifont and support formats (#15117)
withastro/astro: .changeset/tender-moose-help.md

---
'astro': patch
---

**BREAKING CHANGE to the experimental Fonts API only**

> Allows specifying font formats when using the experimental Fonts API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes the font format downloaded by default when using the experimental Fonts API. Additionally, adds a new `formats` configuration option to specify which font formats to download.
```
Maybe something like this is clear about what the breaking change is vs. the new config option?
